[19-december-2003]
A macOSX packager is needed! If you know how to create a macOSX package from the source distribution of stellarium 0.5.2, please help me! The aim is to obtain a Stellarium-0.5.2.dmg file similiar to the one available for version 0.4.9 in the download section.

[27-august-2003]
The next version I am working on will have features designed for use in a planetarium dome : fisheye projection with a field of view up to 360 degree, use of fisheye textures mapped to make landscapes, automatic zoom on selected objects, a text interface etc... The reason of that is an american company called Digitalis Education which is paying me for adding such cool features (that of course everybody will benefit as it is opensource). You just have to wait a few more weeks and it will finally be released! I know that I say that in every post, but each time, the release date is closer... ;)

[24-june-2003]
In one month i will graduate from my university! I am therefore looking for a real job. If you need a good engineer for a scientific job, I am interested. I'm even more interested if you are located in Finland. Please have a look at my resume, and (hopefully!) contact me.

[12-june-2003]
It's now 2 months I'm working on a new version of stellarium. A lot of big improvements are on construction : I totally reorganized old part of the sources in a good object oriented way. I use now new algorithms for planets positions calculation and astronomical operations. The precision is really improved and sun eclipses, mercury transit are now visible. Jupiter satellites are here (beta) and i created a new faster and better atmosphere algorithm. This next version will hopefully be released in a few weeks!!

[21-may-2003]
I try to integrate more and more the project management with sourceforge. Please don't send reports anymore directly to my Email adress, see the section bug reports and feature requests for such things. The final goal is to enable new team members to join the project by making the informations available to everybody.

[21-may-2003]
Stellarium is curently in active development, and soon will be released a new "reorganized" version with global improvement of astronomical precision (eclipses etc...), simplification of the source code for a better future improvements. Please be patient!

[11-april-2003]
Stellarium v0.5.1 released : Use SDL instead of glut. Use a win32 installer. Fixed bugs and increase stability. Added a clickable map in the position configuration. Added the CTRL + Up/Down keys to control the zoom for macOSX users. I wait now for the linux packagers to make some rpms! 

[15-january-2003]
Stellarium v0.5.0 released : fixed some bugs, increased rendering speed, improved POSIX standard compliance for configuration files. 

[13-november-2002]
MacOSX binary package available!! Thank to Gunther Engelbrecht, you can now install stellarium easily on MacOSX. Find the link in the download section. 

[12-november-2002]
Mandrake RPM package available! Daniel Gruen sent me this package which runs fine on my computer. Download it in the download section. 

[18-october-2002]
I need people to help me creating the MacOSX binary version! If you own a mac and know how to do, you're welcome. 

[18-october-2002]
I'm currently looking for a 6 months job starting in january : if you work in a company which offers jobs for computer science student like me, please contact me!! You can find my resume there : cvfab.html, cvfab.pdf. 

[17-october-2002]
Update of this web site. The new page is more light and contains new screenshots. No more french version of this site is available : it takes me too much time to update it. 

[17-october-2002]
Stellarium v0.4.9 for windows released! I finally succeed to remove a bug which only occured on win32 plateform. 

[04-october-2002]
Stellarium v0.4.9 released! Now use Hipparcos stars catalogue, there are now 120 000 stars (10 000 before). MACOSX is now supported! Please update your if you have an old version! 
